Append cors settings (ExposeHeaders) (#9867)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/options.proto.sk.md

| `stagedTransformations` | [.transformation.options.gloo.solo.io.TransformationStages](../options/transformation/transformation.proto.sk/#transformationstages) | Early transformations stage. These transformations run before most other options are processed. If the `regular` field is set in here, the `transformations` field is ignored. |
| `extProc` | [.extproc.options.gloo.solo.io.RouteSettings](../enterprise/options/extproc/extproc.proto.sk/#routesettings) | Enterprise-only: External Processing filter settings for the virtual host. This can be used to override certain HttpListenerOptions settings, and can be overridden by RouteOptions settings. |

> | `corsPolicyMergeSettings` | [.cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicyMergeSettings](../options/cors/cors.proto.sk/#corspolicymergesettings) | Settings for determining merge strategy for CORS settings when present at both Route and VH level. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `corsPolicyMergeSettings` | [.cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicyMergeSettings](../options/cors/cors.proto.sk/#corspolicymergesettings) | Settings for determining merge strategy for CORS settings when present at both Route and VirtualHost levels. |
```

| `hostRewriteHeader` | [.google.protobuf.StringValue](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/csharp/class/google/protobuf/well-known-types/string-value) | Indicates that during forwarding, the host header will be swapped with the content of given downstream or custom header. If header value is empty, host header is left intact. Using this option will append the x-forwarded-host header if append_x_forwarded_host is set. Only one of `hostRewriteHeader`, `hostRewrite`, `autoHostRewrite`, or `hostRewritePathRegex` can be set. |
| `appendXForwardedHost` | [.google.protobuf.BoolValue](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/csharp/class/google/protobuf/well-known-types/bool-value) | If true and there is a host rewrite, appends the x-forwarded-host header to requests. |

> | `cors` | [.cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicy](../options/cors/cors.proto.sk/#corspolicy) | Defines a CORS policy for the route If a CORS policy is defined on both the route and the virtual host, the merge behavior for these policies is determined by the CorsPolicyMergeSettings defined on the VirtualHost. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cors` | [.cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicy](../options/cors/cors.proto.sk/#corspolicy) | Defines a CORS policy for the route. If a CORS policy is defined on both the route and the virtual host, the merge behavior for these policies is determined by the CorsPolicyMergeSettings defined on the VirtualHost. |
```
